So, if you can just use one of these.
Whoa, you've got a huge dongle.
Thanks. It gets the job done, I guess.
I've seen bigger.
I have a really small one.
Well, mine's normal size, but it doesn't work like it used to.
Hey guys, what is going on in there?
Presentation. Paul tried to get his up.
Tripp, I think yours is too wide.
I've got two.
Can you use them at the same time?
Hmm, never tried it.
Has anyone seem mine?
It's resting on top of the sac.
Tripp, is your more wider than it is long? I've never seen that before.
Wait, Tara, do you have one?
Yeah, but it's at home in my drawer.
You know, mine was like this once.
Mine bends to the left.
Whoa, I think you're stepping on mine.
Is your purple?
Just the top part.
Actually, Clint, let me hold yours for a second.
Sure.
Why is this so hard?
Did you try taking it out and putting it back in?
Can you spin it?
I think it's stuck.
Sometimes, if you jiggle it around a little bit, that helps.
Push it harder.
Oh, you've got it in the wrong slot.
Should I just ram it in there?
Well, can we just use yours, or you going to sit there and play with it the whole time?
Alright, fine, but I warned you.
No, it's upside down.
Alright.
When was the last time you used that thing?
What are you guys doing?
What?
It just sounds like you're comparing dongles.
That sounds dirty.
You know you don't need those, right? You can connect to the screen wirelessly. It's a zoom
room.
Alright. Pull it out.
Doug, you there?
Doug man?
I think he hung up.
Premature evacuation.